groupadd samoa
groupadd burundi
groupadd brazil
groupadd pakistan
groupadd cayman_islands
groupadd namibia
groupadd new_zealand
groupadd czech_republic
groupadd malaysia
groupadd liberia
groupadd czech_republic
groupadd poland
groupadd slovakia
groupadd the_gambia
groupadd ecuador
groupadd spain
groupadd slovakia
groupadd grenada
groupadd niger
groupadd jamaica
groupadd chad
groupadd algeria
groupadd tunisia
groupadd san_marino
groupadd peru
groupadd botswana
groupadd hungary
groupadd colombia
groupadd angola
groupadd great_britain
groupadd singapore
groupadd kenya
groupadd north_korea
groupadd portugal
groupadd great_britain
groupadd barbados
groupadd egypt
groupadd belgium
groupadd burkina_faso
groupadd czech_republic
groupadd malaysia
groupadd estonia
groupadd poland
groupadd pakistan
groupadd malaysia
groupadd israel
groupadd chad
groupadd argentina
groupadd uganda
groupadd ukraine
groupadd austria
groupadd ivory_coast
groupadd south_africa
groupadd austria
groupadd cyprus
groupadd mexico
groupadd united_states
groupadd puerto_rico
groupadd austria
groupadd canada
groupadd new_zealand
groupadd guatemala
groupadd czech_republic
groupadd belgium
groupadd ireland
groupadd iceland
groupadd dominican_republic
groupadd cyprus
groupadd ivory_coast
groupadd serbia
groupadd mexico
groupadd nigeria
groupadd azerbaijan
groupadd hungary
groupadd netherlands
groupadd spain
groupadd greece
groupadd uganda
groupadd portugal
groupadd namibia
groupadd egypt
groupadd united_states
groupadd vietnam
groupadd pakistan
groupadd dominican_republic
groupadd austria
groupadd thailand
groupadd bahamas
groupadd morocco
groupadd colombia
groupadd estonia
groupadd israel
groupadd united_states
groupadd iran
groupadd burundi
groupadd uruguay
groupadd puerto_rico
groupadd british_virgin_islands
groupadd barbados
groupadd guyana
groupadd slovenia
groupadd china
groupadd nigeria
groupadd new_zealand
groupadd colombia
groupadd luxembourg
groupadd netherlands
groupadd north_korea
groupadd greece
groupadd luxembourg
groupadd chile
groupadd costa_rica
groupadd chinese_taipei
groupadd samoa
groupadd japan
groupadd ukraine
groupadd cuba
groupadd ireland
groupadd india
groupadd barbados
groupadd vietnam
groupadd qatar
groupadd rwanda
groupadd united_states
groupadd croatia
groupadd colombia
groupadd belgium
groupadd san_marino
groupadd spain
groupadd iran
groupadd cyprus
groupadd kazakhstan
groupadd portugal
groupadd rwanda
groupadd vietnam
groupadd belarus
groupadd slovakia
groupadd canada
groupadd luxembourg
groupadd israel
groupadd latvia
groupadd slovakia
groupadd rwanda
groupadd uganda
groupadd austria
groupadd hong_kong
groupadd malaysia
groupadd ivory_coast
groupadd uruguay
groupadd liechtenstein
groupadd denmark
groupadd france
groupadd greece
groupadd burundi
groupadd bulgaria
groupadd indonesia
groupadd trinidad_and_tobago
groupadd kazakhstan
groupadd poland
groupadd grenada
groupadd latvia
groupadd india
groupadd ecuador
groupadd colombia
groupadd new_zealand
groupadd botswana
groupadd north_korea
groupadd south_korea
groupadd iceland
groupadd germany
groupadd kenya
groupadd peru
groupadd zambia
groupadd spain
groupadd morocco
groupadd latvia
groupadd chad
groupadd argentina
groupadd niger
groupadd sweden
groupadd moldova
groupadd vietnam
groupadd latvia
groupadd angola
groupadd romania
groupadd uruguay
groupadd latvia
groupadd luxembourg
groupadd angola
groupadd switzerland
groupadd eritrea
groupadd cyprus
groupadd niger
groupadd russia
groupadd new_zealand
groupadd italy
groupadd san_marino
groupadd australia
groupadd dominican_republic
groupadd new_zealand
